This relation states about its subject and its object, the latter of which should be a text string that is part of an English sentence with a meaning attached to it (i.e. a lexical item), that the following is true: The object (a string) forms a lexical item that can be seen as defining the subject.

For instance, if the subject can be referenced by a noun, then the object could be a string forming that noun. And if the subject is a relation that can be referenced by a verb, then the object could be a string forming that verb.

A special example of the latter case is if the subject is this very relation descibed by this description. In that case, the object could be the string: 'can be referenced by the lexical item given by'.

However, a shortened version of this lexical item might also do, and in fact even prefered in some cases, especially for relations such as this. This is why ".Lexical item:" has been chosen for the original lexical item of this relation. We thus propose the following standard for shortening lexical items of relations. 

If possible, lexical items of realations should formulated according the syntax: ".<capitalized noun describing the object>:". If it is expected that users will generally be interested in querying for several fitting objects for a given subject, the noun should be pluralized. But if it, on the other hand, is expected that users will only be interested in querying for the best fitting object for a given subject (as is the case for this relation), the noun should simply be in its singular form.

Furthermore, parentheses might also be included at the beginning or at the end (or both) of the lexical item, such that the contents of these parentheses denote the intended type of respectively the subject and the object. For example, a relation that states that its subject is a subcategory of the object, both categories, the lexical item of that relation might be formulated as "(Category).Subcategories:(Category)". And as another example, a relation that states that its object is of the category referenced by the subject, the lexical item might be formulated as "(Category).Elements:". (Note that since the subject could be any category here, it does not make sense to include a type specification for the object). This latter example especially highlights the point of being able to specify the type this way, since it helps give meaning to what we mean by 'Elements' in this case. If the lexical item had been simply ".Elements:" on the other hand, it could reference a bunch of other relations as well, such as "(Molecule).Elements:" and so on.